# The Stock Mock-et
This is the GitHub for the CEN semester long project where we will create a website dealing with stocks. We plan to have this website give the user the option to choose a company to view the stock records as a graph for the past day (in hours), past month (in days), and past year (in months), depending on which the user would prefer. The page will also provide the metrics and data related to the company's stocks between those time frames if that is preferred to the visual representation. In addition, we plan to create a system that tracks how much money (fake currency that is provide) you earn or lose when investing in the simulation stocks. 

The members of the front-end team are Brian Hersh and Fredderick Blanco. The members of the back-end team are Jonathan Leal and Josue Vicente.


Details for running and using the application:

In order to run the program, you need to change the node.js version to 16.18.0. You should also run the command npm i --save in both the overarching directory as well as the front end directory. Then, you should go to the backend directory using cd like before and run "go mod tidy". In addition, to start the program, we need to run the command "npm start" which will compile the front end and back end components at the same time. 

When you start the program, you are initially placed in the home page which provides details on how to access each part of the website. If you look in the top right, there are 4 buttons you can click that will route you to the other portions (excluding the website name button in the middle of the top bar "The Stock Mocket." If you click the "about" button, it will bring the user to the about us section that describes the members of the teams that worked to create the page. If you click on the account tab it'll route you to the /account page which will allow you to create an account and login (on success it will route you to the /charts page). After logging in, if you click "Account" again, it'll route you to the /logout page instead which provides the user the option to reset their account, logout, or delete an account (provided you put in the username you want to delete). If you click on the Charts button (or successfully log in), you'll be routed to the /charts page where you can buy or sell the stocks depending on how many stocks are owned and how much money you own (the money is displayed at the top of the page). When you click "Buy" or "Sell" you can input a quantity you want and confirm the purchase or sale. To track the stocks owned and money made over time, you can click the "Portfolio" button which will bring you to the /portfolio page. As long as you are logged in to an account, you can view the information corresponding to the account; if you are not logged in, it won't give any information and instead would suggest logging in.
